[`SFTTrainer`] Adds NEFTune into `SFTTrainer` (#871)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/sft_trainer.mdx

>  Standard finetuning of LLaMA-2-7B using Alpaca achieves 29.79% on AlpacaEval, which rises to 64.69% using noisy embeddings. NEFTune also improves over strong baselines on modern instruction datasets. Models trained with Evol-Instruct see a 10% improvement, with ShareGPT an 8% improvement, and with OpenPlatypus an 8% improvement. Even powerful models further refined with RLHF such as LLaMA-2-Chat benefit from additional training with

<div style="text-align: center">
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/trl-internal-testing/example-images/resolve/main/images/neft-screenshot.png">
</div>

To use it in `SFTTrainer` simply pass `neftune_noise_alpha` when creating your `SFTTrainer` instance. Note that to avoid any surprising behaviour, the NEFTune is disabled after training to retrieve back the original behaviour of the embedding layer.

```python
from datasets import load_dataset
from trl import SFTTrainer

dataset = load_dataset("imdb", split="train")

trainer = SFTTrainer(
    "facebook/opt-350m",
    train_dataset=dataset,
    dataset_text_field="text",
    max_seq_length=512,
    neftune_noise_alpha=5,
)
trainer.train()
```

> We have tried NEFTune for supervised finetuning `mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.1` model and proved that using NEFTune led to having a performance boost of ~25%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have tested NEFTune by training `mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.1` on the [OpenAssistant dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/timdettmers/openassistant-guanaco) and validated that using NEFTune led to a performance boost of ~25% on MT Bench.
```

<div style="text-align: center">
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/trl-internal-testing/example-images/resolve/main/images/trl-neftune-mistral-7b.png">
</div>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note however, that the amount of performance gain is _dataset dependent_ and in particular, applying NEFTune on synthetic datasets like [UltraChat](https://huggingface.co/datasets/stingning/ultrachat) typically produces smaller gains.
```
